# Keng's Portfolio
University of St. Thomas Signature Work Portfolio

# Overview
Here at the University of St. Thomas, I have learned a lot throughout all of my classes. One of the very first courses that I took was a Justice and Peace course in which I learned about the struggles that we often do not see. This would kickoff a four year journey of great classes that taught more than just coding and problem solving. Many of these courses incorporated the University of St. Thomas' missions and convictions, pushing towards advancing the common good. To start off, I knew what I wanted to study even before starting classes. My family has a history of going into the technology field, so I naturally went into Computer Science. I was a bit reluctant at first, but after a few classes, I knew that this was a field that I wanted to commit too. 

# Project 1
One of the more fun and creative classes that I took was Creative Coding. This course aimed to explore emerging technologies in creative and interactive media production and development. Utilizing HTML, Javascript, p5.js, and much more, we explored the creative side of coding rather than basic backend coding. It felt like a fresh breath of air, switching languages and tapping into our creative side of the brain rather than following set structures that our typical computer science courses taught. We got to see objects that we created move around from one side of our screen to the other and have our cursor control different sound waves. By the end of this course, each student had finished their own personal final project. For my project, I used p5.js and ml5.js to create a hand tracker that lets you draw with your hands and it also can be used to identify certain objects with your webcamera. Here is the link to the project: https://github.com/KwazyKeng/DIMA259-Final-Project. This was my first project that I was able to visually see my code in some kind of artistic/creative form and luckily, I was able to showcase this project at a public exhibition here at the University of St. Thomas. Overall, this final project helped me explore the wide vast of creative coding applications and libraries/frameworks, which are typically swept under the rug when thinking about Computer Science.

# Project 2
With this next project, this was for my Database Design course. This course was the first elective that I really enjoyed. At first, I was skeptical because I did not understand the importance of SQL and why it was needed, but as the semester went on and we kept doing SQL and relational algebra, I really started to fall in love with the debugging side of it. I found that SQL was really useful, finding myself using SQL in my other classes and even at my work. Every topic that was taught in this class was super enjoyable for me and made me want to learn more about the concepts of databases. At the end of the semester, we were tasked with creating a database from scratch and using an ORM, such as SQLAlchemy to allow the user to interact with the database. We were allowed to use generative AI for this project since we did not practice writing any SQLAlchemy at all prior to the project. Of course, we were tasked with understanding how the code generated from AI worked. Here is the link to the project: https://github.com/KwazyKeng/CISC450-Final-Project. At the beginning of this course, I had no idea how a database worked, but at the end of the course, Database Design ended up being one of my favorite electives that I took here at the University of St. Thomas.

# Project 3

